In the last 7 days, how many unique visitors were located in India?

-245 Unique Visitors.

In the last 24 hours, of the visitors from China, how many were using Mac OSX?

-10 users were using Mac OSX (25.64%).

In the last 2 days, what percentage of visitors received 404 errors? How about 503 errors?

-13.333% of users were experiencing 404 errors, as for 503 errors at most it was 50% in the past two days.

In the last 7 days, what country produced the majority of the traffic on the website?

CN, China produced a majority of the web traffic on the website.

Of the traffic that's coming from that country, what time of day had the highest amount of activity?

Around 12:00-13:00 was when the most amount of traffic was produced by that country.

List all the types of downloaded files that have been identified for the last 7 days, along with a short description of each file type (use Google if you aren't sure about a particular file type).

- ZIP: An archive file format
- rpm: Red Hat Package Manager, used to store installation packages on Linux operating systems
- gz: Compressed archives created by gzip compression algorithm.
- deb: Debian software package file
- css: Cascading Style Sheet. It is used to format the contents of a web page. Contains properties on how to display HTML elements.

Now that you have a feel for the data, Let's dive a bit deeper. Look at the chart that shows Unique Visitors Vs. Average Bytes.
Locate the time frame in the last 7 days with the most amount of bytes (activity).
In your own words, is there anything that seems potentially strange about this activity?

-The most activity comes from the middle of the 7 day period which is around 15mb. It's almost double than the second highest averages, so I would look
further into it to verify if this is something out of the oridinary.

Filter the data by this event.
What is the timestamp for this event?
What kind of file was downloaded?
From what country did this activity originate?
What HTTP response codes were encountered by this visitor?

-The timestamp for this event corresponds to Mar 21, 2021 18:00 -> 21:00. The file that was downloaded was and RPM file.
The country of origin was from India and the HTTP code response was 200 meaning it was successful.


Switch to the Kibana Discover page to see more details about this activity.
What is the source IP address of this activity?
What are the geo coordinates of this activity?
What OS was the source machine running?
What is the full URL that was accessed?
From what website did the visitor's traffic originate?

The source IP address is 35.143.166.159, and the geo coordiantes are LAT: 43.34121, LON: -73.6103075. The origin of the machine was from India and is running
windows 8. The machine accessed elastic.co to download metric beat. 


Finish your investigation with a short overview of your insights.

What do you think the user was doing?
Was the file they downloaded malicious? If not, what is the file used for?
Is there anything that seems suspicious about this activity?
Is any of the traffic you inspected potentially outside of compliance guidlines?

According to all the above data I think the user was just getting metricbeat installed on his/her machine. The file they downloaded was metricbeat-6.3.2-i686.rpm and other than it being
the biggest file downloaded over the course of the 7 day filter, it doesn't seem suspicious at all after further investigation, and no it is not outside of compliance guidelines.